CI/CD template changes for GitLab/GitHub (#2619)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd-templates/template-overview.md

- _DAG deploy templates_ that use the [DAG-only deploy feature](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only) in Astro and either deploy DAGs or your entire Astro project depending on the files that you update.
- _Image deploy templates_ that build a Docker image and push it to Astro whenever you update any file in your Astro project, including your DAG directory.
- _Preview Deployment templates_ that automatically create and delete Deployments when you create or delete a feature branch from your main Astro project branch.

Astronomer maintains a dedicated guide with templates for select CI/CD tools. Most guides include image based templates for a single-branch implementation. Astronomer recommends reconfiguring the templates to work with your own directory structures, tools, and processes.

If you're interested in documentation for a CI/CD tool or template type that does not exist, configure your own or [contact Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). To learn more about single-branch and multiple-branch implementations and decide which template is right for you, see [Choose a CI/CD strategy](set-up-ci-cd.md).

## DAG deploy templates

> _DAG deploy templates_ provide the additional capability to check the changes in your Astro project and accordingly chooses DAG deploy or image deploy allowing faster deploys. This template deploys your DAGs only when the files in your `dags` folder are modified, and it deploys the rest of your Astro project as a Docker image when other files or directories are modified. To learn more about the benefits of this workflow, see [Deploy DAGs only](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only) or ["The New, Faster Way to Deploy Airflow DAGs to Astro"](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/the-new-faster-way-to-deploy-airflow-dags-to-astro/) on the Astronomer blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_DAG deploy templates_ check the changes in your Astro project and trigger either a dag deploy or image deploy based on the files changed, allowing for faster deploys. This template deploys your DAGs when only the files in your `dags` folder are modified, and it deploys the rest of your Astro project as a Docker image when any other files or directories are modified. To learn more about the benefits of this workflow, see [Deploy DAGs](deploy-dags.md).
```
